content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
name: Nelson Bighetti

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Professor of Artificial Intelligence

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Stanford University
  url: ""

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: My research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter.

interests:
- Artificial Intelligence
- Computational Linguistics
- Information Retrieval

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Stanford University
    year: 2012
  - course: MEng in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2009
  - course: BSc in Artificial Intelligence
    institution: Massachusetts Institute of Technology
    year: 2008

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/GeorgeCushen
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.co.uk/citations?user=sIwtMXoAAAAJ
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/gcushen
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Nelson Bighetti is a professor of artificial intelligence at the Stanford AI Lab. His research interests include distributed robotics, mobile computing and programmable matter. He leads the Robotic Neurobiology group, which develops self-reconfiguring robots, systems of self-organizing robots, and mobile sensor networks.

Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed neque elit, tristique placerat feugiat ac, facilisis vitae arcu. Proin eget egestas augue. Praesent ut sem nec arcu pellentesque aliquet. Duis dapibus diam vel metus tempus vulputate.

Commit message:

all changes I've been making

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
name: Felix Bragman

# Username (this should match the folder name)
authors:
- admin

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Role/position
role: Research Scientist

# Organizations/Affiliations
organizations:
- name: Babylon Health
  url: "https://www.babylonhealth.com/"

# Short bio (displayed in user profile at end of posts)
bio: 

interests:
- Representation Learning
- Multi-task Learning
- Modular Neural Networks
- Generative Modelling

education:
  courses:
  - course: PhD in Medical Image Computing
    institution: University College London
    year: 2017
  - course: MSc in Biomedical Engineering
    institution: University of Oxford
    year: 2012
  - course: BEng in Mechanical Engineering
    institution: University College London
    year: 2011

# Social/Academic Networking
# For available icons, see: https://sourcethemes.com/academic/docs/widgets/#icons
#   For an email link, use "fas" icon pack, "envelope" icon, and a link in the
#   form "mailto:your-email@example.com" or "#contact" for contact widget.
social:
- icon: envelope
  icon_pack: fas
  link: '#contact'  # For a direct email link, use "mailto:test@example.org".
- icon: twitter
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://twitter.com/FelixJSB
- icon: google-scholar
  icon_pack: ai
  link: https://scholar.google.com/citations?hl=en&user=0Qn2UvAAAAAJ&view_op=list_works&sortby=pubdate
- icon: github
  icon_pack: fab
  link: https://github.com/fbragman
# Link to a PDF of your resume/CV from the About widget.
# To enable, copy your resume/CV to `static/files/cv.pdf` and uncomment the lines below.  
# - icon: cv
#   icon_pack: ai
#   link: files/cv.pdf

# Enter email to display Gravatar (if Gravatar enabled in Config)
email: ""
  
# Organizational groups that you belong to (for People widget)
#   Set this to `[]` or comment out if you are not using People widget.  
user_groups:
- Researchers
- Visitors
---

Hi! My name is Felix and I am currently a research scientist in the AI Research Team at [Babylon Health](https://www.babylonhealth.com/ai/learn-more).

My current work is focused on researching machine learning models for AI-driven healthcare. I have been researching methods that learn fair representations to train unbiased predictive tools. I have also been researching methods for representation learning from electronic health records to improve our potential for precision medicine.

Before joining Babylon Health, I was a post-doc at UCL working with [M. Jorge Cardoso](https://www.kcl.ac.uk/people/jorge-cardoso) where I developed fundamental methods in deep learning and multi-task learning with applications in computer vision and medical image computing. I developed multiple learning schemes for multi-task learning, with oral presentations at MICCAI 2018 and ICCV 2019.

Previously, I was a PhD student under the supervision of [Prof. David Hawkes](https://iris.ucl.ac.uk/iris/browse/profile?upi=DJHAW78) at CMIC UCL and [Prof. John Hurst](https://iris.ucl.ac.uk/iris/browse/profile?upi=JHURS15) at the Royal Free Hospital. I developed numerous algorithms for the quantitative analysis of Chronic Obstructive Pulmonary Disease (COPD) from three-dimensional Computed Tomography scans.
